openEO UDP: clarify spatial extent (#66)
ESA-APEx/apex_documentation: guides/udp_writer_guide.qmd

Any algorithm requires spatial filtering, so we can make the life of our users easier if we all use the same naming.

> In the `load_collection` and `load_stac` processes, the spatial filtering is called `spatial_extent`, and we recommend to perform

Reviewer: proposal:

```suggestion
In the standard openEO processes `load_collection` and `load_stac`, spatial filtering done through the argument called `spatial_extent`, which support multiple types: a bounding box object, an inline GeoJSON object, a vector cube, or it can even be left empty (`null`). 
For maximum flexibility, compatibility and the best user experience, we recommend to perform spatial filtering in your algorithm:

- directly in `load_collection`/`load_stac` (instead of separate `filter_bbox`/`filter_spatial` processes)
- using a parameter named `spatial_extent` (unless there are good reasons otherwise)
```

spatial filtering in these processes, and also use `spatial_extent` as the parameter name unless there are good reasons otherwise.

If you pass on the `spatial_extent` parameter to all `load_collection` processes in your UDP, then it is also allowed to
perform filtering using vector data. This conveniently allows for advanced spatial filtering use cases!

> The Python client has a convenience function called [`spatial_extent`](https://open-eo.github.io/openeo-python-client/api.html#openeo.api.process.Parameter.spatial_extent) to create this parameter when building your UDP via Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Python client has a convenience function called [`Parameter.spatial_extent()`](https://open-eo.github.io/openeo-python-client/api.html#openeo.api.process.Parameter.spatial_extent) to create this parameter when building your UDP via Python.
```
